
In 2020 I graduated from UC Santa Barbara with a Bachelor's Degree in English... straight into a global pandemic. Originally, I intended to go to law school, but I put off applying because I didn't want to pay $50k to learn torts over Zoom. During that time I decided, mostly on a whim, to try CodeAcademy. I've been a computer hobbyist all my life even though I never studied them academically, and I discovered that I enjoy programming. I pursued the self-education path for a while but decided that it was time to commit full-time to this career change, so I applied to General Assembly's full-time Software Engineering Immersive bootcamp.

I chose to pursue full-stack development as a career because I want a job where I use my creativity and knowledge to build things. I love the creative process and the sense of accomplishment that comes with putting something into the world. I also love learning, whether it be new technologies and techniques or more abstract concepts. I wanted a career where I can grow, learn, create, and build, and I believe that I've found that career in full-stack development.

My experience is primarily in JavaScript and React, although I have some exposure to a wide variety of other technologies and languages like Python and SQL. I'm primarily interested in full-stack development roles but I'm not yet committed to any particular path in my tech career so I'm open to all kinds of opportunities.

Here in my Github you can see the source code for my personal website and for my first freelance project, DC Jam Records. You can also see a number of the projects I completed as part of my General Assembly bootcamp, as well as some projects that are currently underway.
